Grading Scale
-------------

The following standard grading scale is used to map percentages to letter grades:

Letter Grade   Percentage
------------   ----------
A              93-100%
A-             90-93%
B+             87-90%
B              83-87%
B-             80-83%
C+             77-80%
C              73-77%
C-             70-73%
D+             67-70%
D              63-67%
D-             60-63%
F              0-60%
------------   --------

Late Assignments
----------------

Late assignments will lose 10% for each day they are late rounded up, so an assignment submitted even one second late may be deducted 10%. In certain circumstances, extremely late work may be submitted for up to half credit.

Anderson University Educational Commitment
------------------------------------------

veritas - fidelitas - utilitas

> The mission of Anderson University is to educate for a life of faith and service in the church and society. Across the curriculum students can expect faculty to guide learning experiences toward the development of excellence, integrity, servant leadership, responsibility, and generosity.
>
> As a student of the university you are expected to fully engage in vigorous intellectual and experiential activity where head, heart, and hands are equally engaged and a commitment to Christ is honored.

Academic Honesty
----------------

As an institution of higher education committed to academic and Christian discovery, Anderson University expects faculty and students alike to maintain the highest standards of academic and personal integrity. "Anderson University seeks to support and promote qualities of academic honesty and personal integrity and regards cheating, plagiarism, and all other forms of academic dishonesty as serious offenses against the University community" (Faculty Handbook 4.23 Policy on Academic Integrity). See the [Student Handbook](https://anderson.edu/student-life/handbook/) for examples of plagiarism.

Generative AI
-------------

The use of [generative artificial intelligence](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Generative_artificial_intelligence) tools must adhere to ethical standards and uphold academic integrity. While AI tools can be useful for coding assistance, they should not replace the learning experience of practicing coding skills. Therefore, excessive reliance on such tools without proper understanding shall be considered academic dishonesty.

In general, [intelligent code completion](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intelligent_code_completion) and utilizing large language models to aid in programming problems is appropriate on lab assignments. However, students must demonstrate comprehension and ownership of their submitted work. If a student cannot fully understand or explain their code, they should not submit it as their own.

It is important to recognize that professional software development often involves collaboration and leveraging various resources, including AI tools. Nevertheless, each contributor is responsible for ensuring the quality and accuracy of their contributions. Students must take full responsibility for their submitted work, regardless of whether parts were generated by AI models.

Academic Support Statements
---------------------------

### Accessibility and Accommodations

Important: If you have any special accessibility needs (i.e. use of screen reading software, captioning, etc.), please notify your professor and the Director of Student Accessibility Services (Kissinger Academic Center for Excellence, Nicholson Library; 765-641-4223) as soon as possible.

If you anticipate or experience physical or academic barriers based on disability, you are encouraged to contact the Director of Student Accessibility Services (Kissinger Academic Center for Excellence, Nicholson Library; 765-641-4223). To receive reasonable accommodations, you must contact Student Accessibility Services, provide documentation, and request accommodations. You should also notify your course instructor during the first week of classes.

### Kissinger Academic Center for Excellence

The [Kissinger Academic Center for Excellence (KACE)](https://anderson.edu/kissinger/services/), located on the ground floor of the Nicholson Library, provides excellent resources in all areas of study regardless of academic ability. Many students can benefit from academic support and/or sharpen their skills through studying with others. In addition, excellent students often maintain their skills by working as peer tutors. The services are available for all enrolled students at no charge. For information, call 765-641-4225.

Attendance Policy
-----------------

Class attendance is fundamental to the teaching/learning process and any absence from a class results in a loss of learning for the student and learning community. It is the student's obligation to personally notify the course instructor about any absence, in advance if possible. Students may be directly penalized only after the number of absences exceeds the number of class meeting hours per week. Where a student misses more than the number of classes stated above, or additional absences as may be allotted by the course instructor, the instructor has the discretion to determine whether missed work may be completed, how much work will be evaluated, and consequences of excessive absences.

Pathways Program
----------------

Anderson University has a robust referral system that was created to connect students with the campus resources that will be most beneficial to them. Students may be referred by faculty for any student success issue. Students will be contacted by an appropriate staff or faculty member to provide support and care. For more information please see: [anderson.pharos360.com](https://anderson.pharos360.com/).

</main>
